README.md, before:

# PythonProgramming2022
Lets use this code repository for Python Programming 2022 course. This would contain Codes, Notes, Asssignments and other artifacts related to this course

Recorded videos will be available in our [OpenKnowledgeShare](https://www.youtube.com/c/OpenKnowledgeShare) youtube channel grouped in playlist [PythonProgramming2022](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLn5PAhxpfD4s64Pjasm4apZOVijlkFyV-)

For more updates, Please join our Telegram Channel: [OpenKnowledgeShare](https://t.me/openknowledgeshare)

Please feel free to post your questions or involve in discussions in the course telegram group by joining thru this Link [PythonProgramming2022](https://t.me/+mRXIH-0hwWdhZThl)

## Content:
| S.NO        | Video           | Description  | Code/Notes | Assignment
| ------------- |:-------------|:-----| :-----|:-----|
| 1     |[Setting up Python Development Environment](https://youtu.be/cuJNX_A7cLk) |  How to Install Anaconda and Microsoft Visual Studio Code and set up development environment, Virtual Environment setup and PIP | [Google Docs Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aX9eONW92qXcDC2hQhCEq2HkFrAJMJFG8nXz3lZvVLk/edit?usp=sharing) | Not yet Uploaded |
| 2    |[How to Configure and Use Jupyter Notebook](https://youtu.be/uOBCmSZWer0) |  Installation of Jupyter, Configuring Jupyter Notebook for Virtual Environment | [Google Docs Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aX9eONW92qXcDC2hQhCEq2HkFrAJMJFG8nXz3lZvVLk/edit?usp=sharing) | Not yet Uploaded |
| 3     |[Using Python without installing - Google Colab](https://youtu.be/MAeGQmX30k4) |  Using Google Colab | [Google Docs Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aX9eONW92qXcDC2hQhCEq2HkFrAJMJFG8nXz3lZvVLk/edit?usp=sharing) | Not yet Uploaded |
| 4     |[Strings, Numbers and Math Functions](https://youtu.be/LwikiZHWg-E) |  Print function, String Operations, Arithmetic Operations, Math Library, Error debugging | [Colab Link](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1BNSi-hoLMODI_0QnQBLAjG8udHgIIMDc?usp=sharing) | Not yet Uploaded |
| 5     |[Conditional Statements and Lists](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAjbHQTxVA4) | Type function to know the type of variable, Conditional Statements - if else-if else, Lists and how to use it | [Colab Link](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1BNSi-hoLMODI_0QnQBLAjG8udHgIIMDc?usp=sharing) | Not yet Uploaded |
| 6     |[Loops in Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdGeTR_A6zM) | While Loop, For Loop| [Colab Link](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1BNSi-hoLMODI_0QnQBLAjG8udHgIIMDc?usp=sharing) | Not yet Uploaded |
| 7     |[Tuples and Dictionaries](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXeNibDJMr8) | Tuples, Difference between list and tuple, Dictionaries | [Colab Link](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1BNSi-hoLMODI_0QnQBLAjG8udHgIIMDc?usp=sharing) | Not yet Uploaded |

Commit message:

Added assignment1 and its solution Added Python code for the sessions till date

README.md, after:

# PythonProgramming2022
Lets use this code repository for Python Programming 2022 course. This would contain Codes, Notes, Asssignments and other artifacts related to this course

Recorded videos will be available in our [OpenKnowledgeShare](https://www.youtube.com/c/OpenKnowledgeShare) youtube channel grouped in playlist [PythonProgramming2022](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLn5PAhxpfD4s64Pjasm4apZOVijlkFyV-)

For more updates, Please join our Telegram Channel: [OpenKnowledgeShare](https://t.me/openknowledgeshare)

Please feel free to post your questions or involve in discussions in the course telegram group by joining thru this Link [PythonProgramming2022](https://t.me/+mRXIH-0hwWdhZThl)

## Content:
| S.NO        | Video           | Description  | Code/Notes
| ------------- |:-------------|:-----| :-----|
| 1     |[Setting up Python Development Environment](https://youtu.be/cuJNX_A7cLk) |  How to Install Anaconda and Microsoft Visual Studio Code and set up development environment, Virtual Environment setup and PIP | [Google Docs Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aX9eONW92qXcDC2hQhCEq2HkFrAJMJFG8nXz3lZvVLk/edit?usp=sharing) | 
| 2    |[How to Configure and Use Jupyter Notebook](https://youtu.be/uOBCmSZWer0) |  Installation of Jupyter, Configuring Jupyter Notebook for Virtual Environment | [Google Docs Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aX9eONW92qXcDC2hQhCEq2HkFrAJMJFG8nXz3lZvVLk/edit?usp=sharing) |
| 3     |[Using Python without installing - Google Colab](https://youtu.be/MAeGQmX30k4) |  Using Google Colab | [Google Docs Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aX9eONW92qXcDC2hQhCEq2HkFrAJMJFG8nXz3lZvVLk/edit?usp=sharing) | 
| 4     |[Strings, Numbers and Math Functions](https://youtu.be/LwikiZHWg-E) |  Print function, String Operations, Arithmetic Operations, Math Library, Error debugging | [Colab Link](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1BNSi-hoLMODI_0QnQBLAjG8udHgIIMDc?usp=sharing) | 
| 5     |[Conditional Statements and Lists](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAjbHQTxVA4) | Type function to know the type of variable, Conditional Statements - if else-if else, Lists and how to use it | [Colab Link](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1BNSi-hoLMODI_0QnQBLAjG8udHgIIMDc?usp=sharing) |
| 6     |[Loops in Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdGeTR_A6zM) | While Loop, For Loop| [Colab Link](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1BNSi-hoLMODI_0QnQBLAjG8udHgIIMDc?usp=sharing) |
| 7     |[Tuples and Dictionaries](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXeNibDJMr8) | Tuples, Difference between list and tuple, Dictionaries | [Colab Link](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1BNSi-hoLMODI_0QnQBLAjG8udHgIIMDc?usp=sharing) |



## Assignment

| S.No | Problems  | Solution
|:-----| :-----| :-----|
|1 | Assignment_1 | [Solution_Link](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/10ra8dvhBRfQ34Nj4pPKApHIfZL4PbEje?usp=sharing) |
|2 | Assignmnet_2 (Not yet Uploaded) | Not yet Uploaded |
